how does it feel to be back in the ring
via WWE 12 well I think it's a it's
going to be good I think I think the
game is going to be a real good game and
I think that having me in the game was
going to be it make a huge impact and
definitely stir things up for for the
other opponents in the video game for
sure you had an unparalleled rise to the
top of WV during your run the list of
casualties along the way included
legends and Hall of Famers hull : the
rock Kurt Angle the Undertaker did you
have a favorite opponent during that run
or a single moment that stands out in
your mind probably the single-most
moment that stands out in my mind yeah I
went through a lot of guys I went
through Ric Flair I went through Hulk
Hogan I went through Undertaker but
there's a guy that I didn't get to go
through there's a hall-of-famer there's
a legend that I didn't get to go through
and there's a guy that felt threatened
by me at the time and there was a guy
that that felt that I had everything
given to me when that guy's Stone Cold
Steve Austin
if that's the match that that I wanted
to have and I look back and felt robbed
by that's that's the one that I would
want that's the one that sticks out the
most in my mind all these other matches
yeah they were great I was on top of the
world and I was beaten the Hall of Fame
legends I was the first legend killer
bigger badder better is the tagline for
this video game w12 how does that relate
to Brock Lesnar especially now that
you've overcome diverticulitis is the
world ready to see a bigger badder and
better Brock less I don't think so I you
know for two years I had to lie to
myself and lyta to all of my fans I had
to get up every morning and say you feel
good today and I didn't I had the
surgery it's out of my life and I'm back
and that's a damn good feeling for me
and it's bad for everybody else any
words for your challengers in WWE 12 I
don't think there's a guy on the video
game there's not a guy in that locker
room in the WWE and there wasn't a guy
in the locker room while I was there
that stood a chance against Brock Lesnar
and I they all know it and I think on
the video game I'll be the baddest
legend that there ever was and there
ever will be period outside of the
spotlight were very private man how is
that like balancing the spotlight with
your private life I don't pay attention
honestly I don't have to I go out I go
through my day I don't consider myself a
celebrity I consider myself just a guy
that has a family that just so happens
he's done a lot of tremendous things in
his life but I think the best is always
saved for last
that's yet to come you've got a big
fight coming up in December
how are you approaching this fight I'm
approaching this fight hungrier than
I've ever been
well the things that I accomplished with
the sickness that I had is very
remarkable and nobody will know that
except for me and the people that I
surround myself by that saw me do the
things that I did under the
circumstances that I was given and I
think now that I'm a healthy Brock
Lesnar again it's bad for for a lot of
people have you changed the way your
training coming out of your surgery
I have changed my training I'm able to
do more things now I'm able to all my
healthier person I don't have to eat I
don't have to eat like a what they even
say I don't have to eat like a rabbit or
anorexic or you know I don't have to I
don't have to I can just be myself again
and and although I've taken a lot of
things away from the diet that I was on
and that I can can contribute to my
lifestyle now because I think I was in
the right direction
but a healthy Brock Lesnar a Brock
Lesnar that's eating right now and able
to train like I used to it feels it's
it's out of this world to me Eddie woods
right Alistair Overeem I don't have a
lot to say to Alistair Overeem here's a
guy that is getting his chance to make
his name in a UFC and unfortunately for
him there's a gatekeeper that stands in
his way and that's Brock Lesnar and I
will prove on that night that I am once
again and will always be the baddest
dude on
you are the only man to ever hold the
top titles in NCAA Division one
collegiate wrestling WWE and UFC other
any other aspirations for Brock Lesnar
yeah I will be once again the UFC
heavyweight champion of the world do you
think we'll ever see Brock Lesnar pull
off an f5 anytime soon I think you can
purchase a game and do it all you want
he was the youngest undisputed WWE
Champion in history he defeated a global
box office sensation to win that title
now after an extended absence he's bad
and this time
the gloves are off
he's bigger badder and better than ever
before here comes the pain
only in WWE 12